{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f15\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609070205080204}MS Gothic{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}ArialMT;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Arial-BoldMT;}
{\f38\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609070205080204}@MS Gothic;}{\f97\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f98\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f100\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f101\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f102\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f103\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f104\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f105\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f249\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Gothic Western{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}{\f247\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 MS Gothic CE{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}
{\f248\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 MS Gothic Cyr{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}{\f250\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 MS Gothic Greek{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}{\f251\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 MS Gothic Tur{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}
{\f254\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 MS Gothic Baltic{\*\falt ?l?r ?S?V?b?N};}{\f479\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @MS Gothic Western;}{\f477\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @MS Gothic CE;}{\f478\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @MS Gothic Cyr;}
{\f480\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @MS Gothic Greek;}{\f481\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @MS Gothic Tur;}{\f484\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @MS Gothic Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2366222\rsid8486868\rsid13974042\rsid16397223}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\author John Horigan}{\operator John Horigan}{\creatim\yr2006\mo3\dy12\hr23\min8}{\revtim\yr2007\mo2\dy1\hr8\min10}{\version3}{\edmins9}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1136}{\nofchars6477}
{\*\company Glyphic Technology}{\nofcharsws7598}{\vern16389}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot16397223 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs36\insrsid16397223 Spirex Screen Saver
\par }{\f36\insrsid16397223 \tab by John Horigan
\par 
\par \tab }{\f36\ul\cf2\ulc2\insrsid16397223 http://www.ozonehouse.com/Spirex/
\par }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par \tab version 2.2}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868 3}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Requirements}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par This should run on all 32-bit versions of Windows except for Windows 95.
\par 
\par This screen saver uses OpenGL, even in the 2D modes. Depending on your graphics hardware, it could take a lot of CPU time, which may be a problem if you run many background tasks, or if you're running on battery power.
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Installation}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par Just run Spirex22}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868 3}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Install.exe 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par Running}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par Spirex installs itself in the Windows directory, so you can easily select it as your screen saver in the Display Properties dialog. There are many different settings
 for Spirex, you should explore them by choosing Settings from the Display Properties Screen Saver pane. Most settings have tool tips that describe what they do. The Counter Rotation 2D mode is impossible to explain, either check it out or go read the sou
rce code. The Fixed Size Shapes mode causes information in the 3D geometry model that is used to control shape size to instead control shape position. The shapes sizes are fixed but they follow a more complex path.
\par 
\par Spirex will remember what settings you ch
oose. But you can also save multiple, named settings using the Saved Settings group of controls. A number of saved settings come pre-installed, but they can be changed or deleted. You must delete all the saved settings in order to restore the pre-installe
d settings.
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Battery Saver}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par OpenGL animation typically consumes a lot of power and is not a good idea in a screen saver for a laptop running on batteries. Spirex implements a battery saver mode in which vanilla 2D graphics calls are used instead of OpenGL. B
y default, battery saver mode is automatically enabled when the computer is off AC power and disabled when on AC power. If you are not concerned about battery life then you can choose to never enable battery saver mode. If your machine does not have enoug
h 3D acceleration hardware to run any OpenGL mode then you can choose to always enable battery saver mode. Even the "2D" modes use OpenGL unless battery saver mode is enabled.
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Textures}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par Several of the OpenGL modes in Spirex can paint texture images onto the
 shapes. Spirex comes with a set of textures, but you can choose your own textures. Several different graphics file formats are supported. Clicking the Browse button brings up a file chooser starting at the directory of the current texture. If you want to
 get back to the textures that are pre-installed with Spirex then click the Clear button first to reset the texture directory. The texture up/down buttons choose other textures in the same directory.
\par 
\par OpenGL textures usually must be a power of two in both the X and Y dimensions. But Spirex uses the mipmap generation utility, gluBuild2DMipmaps(), which adjusts textures to the nearest power of two.
\par 
\par Spheres mode works best with textures that are twice as wide as they are tall. Several planet and moon textures like this have been included. Cubes mode normally paints a copy of the texture on each face. But in Wrapped Cubes mode a single copy of the tex
ture will be wrapped around the cube.
\par 
\par Even though textures are not used when the \lquote Points\rquote  option is enabled the previously selected texture\rquote s aspect ratio affects the distribution of points in \lquote Cubes\rquote  mode.
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Update Checking}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par Spirex attempts weekly to check }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 HYPERLINK "http://www.ozonesoft.com"}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid2366222\charrsid16397223 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006f007a006f006e00650073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f00000000}}}{\fldrslt {\f36\ul\cf2\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
www.ozonehouse.com}}}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  to see if there is a more recent version. This check should only happen when there is already an active connection to the internet. If the update check causes your system to open an internet connect
ion then you can disable update checking in the Spirex configuration window. Please notify me if this causes spurious dial-ups or other unwanted events in your internet setup.
\par 
\par Update checking may trigger a security event in some firewalls. Spirex\rquote  internet activity is benign and should be allowed to occur. No information leaks from your computer to }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 HYPERLINK "%22http://"}{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid2366222\charrsid16397223 {\*\datafield 00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000001000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b1600000025003200320068007400740070003a002f002f00000000}}}{\fldrslt {\f36\ul\cf2\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
www.ozonehouse.com}}}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 . 
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 License}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par Copyright \'a9 2001-200}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868 7}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  John Horigan
\par 
\par This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.
\par  
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Contacts}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par John Horigan can be contacted at john@glyphic.com or at
\par John Horigan, 1209 Villa St., Mountain View, CA 94041-1123, USA
\par 
\par There is also a Mac OS X version of this screen saver, and source code for both at:
\par \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 HYPERLINK "http://www.ozonehouse.com/Spirex/"}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid2366222\charrsid16397223 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006f007a006f006e00650068006f007500730065002e0063006f006d002f005300700069007200650078002f00000000}}}{\fldrslt {
\f36\ul\cf2\ulc2\insrsid16397223 http://www.ozonehouse.com/Spirex/}}}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
\par 
\par }{\b\f37\fs28\ulc2\insrsid16397223 Version History
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0\pararsid8486868 {\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868\charrsid8486868 2.23 - Feb}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868 .}
{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868\charrsid8486868  }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868 '}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid8486868\charrsid8486868 07\tab Replace texture importing code with code that imports images even if they are not 72dpi or power-of-two in width and height
\par }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 2.22\tab Mar. \rquote 06\tab  statically linked with MSVC8 runtime library\line  added more tri-axial modes, in the form of texture transforms
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\sb120\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 2.21\tab Mar. \rquote 06\tab  installer is a separate binary}{
\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  you can choose a subset of presets for random preset mode when in battery mode}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
 switched from GDI to GDI+ for 2D graphics}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  switched from Metrowerks C++ to MS VC++ 6.0}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  new WrappedCubes mode lets you control whether a texture wraps around a cube or not
\par 2.20\tab Nov. \rquote 04\tab  screensaver, installer, and uninstaller merged into one binary, which contains the default textures as resources}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\f15 \u8232\'3f}{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  new modes: Toroids, Utah Teapots, and tri-axial Squares}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\f15 \u8232\'3f}{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
 configuration dialog reorganized as a property sheet}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  better support for weaker 3D hardware}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  fixed bug in preview pane}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  fixed battery saver mode screen freeze bug}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  fixed bug that could cause Spirex to fail to start
\par 2.19\tab Aug. \rquote 04\tab  Less ugly icons}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  \lquote 3D Point Spheres\rquote  mode removed and replaced with a \lquote Points\rquote  option for all modes}{
\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  new \lquote Cone frusta\rquote  mode (go Google it)}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  new \lquote Tri-axial
\rquote  option for Spheres, Cubes, Disks and Cones}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  new threading model, let me know if it hangs}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  fixed a multi-threading bug where multiple update checks could step on each other
\par 2.18\tab Feb. \rquote 04\tab  random presets is random on all monitors}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  2:1 textures wrap around cubes works properly in multi-monitor mode w/random presets}{
\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  Spirex checks for updates weekly}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
 full-screen preview uses current setting for random presets
\par 2.17\tab Feb. \rquote 04\tab  2:1 textures wrap around cubes}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  lighting model errors fixed}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  stray pixels in battery saver mode fixed}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  upgraded NSIS installer}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{
\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  added this Readme}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  misc bugs in configuration dialog fixed
\par 2.16c\tab Jan. \rquote 04\tab  Performance enhancement
\par 2.16b\tab Jan. \rquote 04\tab  Performance enhancement
\par 2.16a\tab Jan. \rquote 04\tab  Fixed bug that caused crashes on systems that didn\rquote t have a previous version installed
\par 2.16\tab Jan. \lquote 04\tab  UI improvements}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  more image file formats supported}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
 2D modes use OpenGL for anti-aliased lines
\par 2.15\tab Dec. \rquote 03\tab  Fix for crashes w/Microsoft NetMeeting}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  GPLed}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223 
 added Spirex home page URL to configuration dialog}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  added battery saver mode
\par 2.14\tab Jan. \rquote 03\tab  Fixed size shapes
\par 2.13\tab Oct. \rquote 02\tab  Random presets
\par 2.12\tab July \rquote 02\tab  Preview button}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  smoother animation
\par 2.11\tab May \rquote 02\tab  NSIS installer}{\loch\af15\hich\af15\dbch\af15\ulc2\insrsid16397223 \line }{\f36\ulc2\insrsid16397223  configuration dialog revamped
\par 2.1\tab April \rquote 02\tab  OpenGL textures supported
\par 2.0\tab Mar. \rquote 02\tab  Other OpenGL modes
\par 1.2\tab Feb. \rquote 02\tab  OpenGL, curves mode only
\par 1.1\tab Jan. \rquote 02\tab  Support for multiple monitors
\par 1.0\tab July \rquote 01\tab  First release. GDI modes only (battery saver mode). No OpenGL, no 3D geometry.
\par }}